and the children of Israel according to
their number the heads of fathers houses
the captains of thousands and hundreds
and their officers serve the king in
every matter of the military divisions
these divisions came in and went out
month by month throughout all the months
of the year each division having 24,000
over the first division for the first
month was Jacobean the son of zabdiel
and in his division but 24,000 he was of
the children of pirates and the chief of
all the captains of the army for the
first month over the division of the
second month was dota and a whole height
and of his division Nick laughs also was
the leader in his division were 24,000
the third captain of the army for the
third month was benign the son of
jehoiada the priest who was chief in his
division were 24,000 this was the
benaiah who was mighty among the
thirteen and was over the thirty in his
division was a miserable his son the
fourth captain for the fourth month was
a Sahel the brother of joy and zebediah
his son after him in his division were
24,000 the fifth captain for the fifth
month were shampoo 'the the israelite in
his division were 24,000
the six captain for the sixth month was
IRA the son of a Kish the tea correct in
his division were 24,000 the sudden
captain for the seventh month was Hellas
the pillar night of the children of
Ephraim in his division were 24,000 the
eighth captain for the eighth month was
Civic I the huge effect of the Czar
hides in his division were 24,000 the
ninth captain for the ninth month was a
by either the anetha fight of the
Benjamites in his division were 24,000
to 10th captain for the 10th month was
mihari hi
the net effect of the Czar hides in his
divisions were 24,000 the 11th captain
for the eleventh month was benaiah the
paraffin eyes of the children of Ephraim
in his division were 24,000 the twelfth
captain for the twelfth month was held
at the net effect of Earth neo in his
division were 24,000 forevermore over
the tribes of Israel the officer over
the rubra Knights was Eleazar the son of
Zechariah over the Samia Knights Chef
attire the son of may occur over the
Levites hash abaya the son of camera
over the arenites Zadok over Judah alai
Hugh one of David's brothers over essica
Umrah the son of Michael
/ Zebulon ich Maya the son of Obadiah /
NAFTA lie Jerry Mothe the son of Israel
over the children of Ephraim who shear
the sanam desire over the half tribe of
manasseh joelle the son of the die over
the half tribe of Manasseh in Gilead IDO
the son of Zechariah / Benjamin J SEL
the son of AB nur over Dan as arel the
son of Jerome these were the leaders of
the tribes of Israel but David did not
take the number of those twenty years
old and under because the Lord had said
he would multiply Israel like the stars
of the heavens Joab the son of suryya
began a census but he did not finish for
ruff came upon Israel because of this
census or was the number recorded in the
account of the Chronicles of King David
and as Mavis the son of a deal was over
the Kings Treasuries and johanna 'then
the son of isaiah was over the
storehouses in the field in the cities
in the villages and in the fortresses
Ezra the son of Caleb was over those who
did the work of the field for tilling
the ground and shimmy I the Rhema fight
was over the vineyards and Zab died the
shift light was over the produce of the
vineyards for the supply of why Bale
hainan the giddy right was over the
olive trees and the sycamore trees that
were in the lowlands and joash was over
the store of oil and reaiiy the
shara night was over the herds that fed
in Sharon
and Schaefer the son of AD lie was over
the herds that were in the valleys Oh
bill the Ishmaelite was over the camels
Judea the Marana fight was over the
donkeys and Jace's a hag right was over
the flux all these were the officials
over King David's property also Jonathan
David's uncle was a counselor a wise man
and described and Jehiel the son of hack
Mona was with the king's sons a hither
fell was the king's councillor and Hugh
shy the archite was the king's companion
after a hither phil was jehoiada the son
of benaiah then abathur and the general
of the king's army was Joe
you